Yeah. yeah. ETA is 20 minutes. The donor's condition is stable.
Hello? Hello?
Follow me!
The paperwork's all good. The donor was shot to death?
Jeez. so young. What could have happened?
That's what I'm sayin'...
Where's the doc? Doc? Doc?
Right here.
Sir.
What's his status?
I think we need to start the extraction right now.
What's this? A tattoo?
Is that a tattoo?
A tattoo.
Where have I seen this before?
I was thinking the same thing. sir.
Feels like something out of a history book.
A moment of silence.
The donor. who was loved and will be missed. has scattered the flowers of love on this earth as they depart today.
Ow. my arm.
Jeez. is his body made of steel?
How many scalpels did we break?
It's like dealing with a superhero or something...
Whoa!
What?
What is it? What?
Is it a rat?
Aaargh!
A rat! A rat! Get it out!
Get it out! Get it out!
Get out! Get out!
Hey. what the hell is this?
It really doesn't hurt. huh?
I told you. it doesn't. How many times do I have to say it?
This isn't supposed to happen.
Normally. you'd be throwing up. drooling. all that stuff.
But a complete stranger's heart just comes in and settles perfectly.
That's what's so weird.
If it doesn't hurt. isn't that a good thing?
It is good. It's good that it doesn't hurt. but...
...it just makes me think something might be off.
So. am I being discharged or not?
Well. if you're not in pain. I guess so.
Mom. what's this?
Did you get a tattoo?
Yeah.
I was just worried it was a side effect from the surgery or something.
You didn't make any bad friends at the hospital. did you?
Like I even have any friends.
Don't get cranky. just eat slowly.
Look. your heart rate's over 90.
And stop buying me expensive stuff like this. we don't have the money.
What do you mean? Your dad has money.
If there's anything you want. just say the word.
Well. there is one thing I want.
Just say it.
Can I do Taekwondo again?
No.
But you said to just say it.
No. Absolutely no Taekwondo. It's too dangerous.
The doctor said a little running is fine.
What does the doctor know? Your father knows best.
I wouldn't have gotten this heart if I couldn't even run.
If you really want to. do Pilates or something when you get to college.
Dad.
When I think about your heart stopping during that match...
...I still wake up pissing my pants.
Your mother... your mother died of a heart attack.
And your grandfather died of a heart attack.
If my child goes the same way. your father...
...how could I live in this world without you?
Yes. my lord.
I mean. it's not like these organs are batteries.
How many have you gone through just because you're "hungry"?
This time. a pancreas.
Anyway. the good news is. I think my father is on his way out this time.
Anyway.
I'll hand everything over when he's gone...
...so don't even think about lowballing me.
Alright. suit up for battle.
Let's go global.
What is this?
Absolutely no Taekwondo.
No. that's not it.
You were running in gym class.
This thing goes off if your heart rate goes up.
Hand it over.
No. it wasn't me running.
Then why are your shoes like that?
Hand it over.
Come on. really.
If you keep this up. I'm just going to throw this thing away.
Hand it over.
Hey. since I'm taking Dad out today...
...you go on ahead.
Go buy yourself some new shoes.
Get new ones.
If you have money left. get a healthy snack with your friends.
Alright. that's it for today.
Like I even have any friends.
Taek-gu!
Good work. everyone.
Since you were late today. as punishment...
...50 kicks.
Taek-gu!
Hey. you trying to pick a fight with me for a measly 100 bucks?
Are you trying to die?
Look at this punk.
Hey. you little brat.
You kick like that. you looking for a fight?
You trying to show off?
When I was your age. I was doing 540-degree spin kicks in my sleep.
Move.
This is all for your own good. you know.
First. you steady your center of gravity.
Then you look straight at the target!
Hey. Jung-pil.
You did this. okay?
What? What happened?
Master.
I think a real prodigy just joined our studio.
They say greasy food is bad for the pancreas...
Joon-ah.
Yes. Father.
Thank you for taking care of me all this time.
I'm sorry.
No. it's okay.
When you are healthy. your followers are blessed...
When you live. all of creation...
You know. the funny thing about people...
...is even when you're in a coma on a respirator...
...you can still hear everything perfectly.
When my father was alive...
...I said all sorts of things. things I should and shouldn't have.
He must have heard every last word of it.
That makes me the world's most despicable son of a bitch.
If he were a car...
...from the engine to all the parts...
It's like he's become a sports car.
Just from changing a pancreas?
Maybe I should get one changed. too.
So. my thinking is...
...this is probably...
...because the donor had some kind of special constitution.
The donor...
Did they have some kind of superpower?
I told you I'm not doing Taekwondo. so why are you wearing the uniform?
It's comfortable. that's why.
Didn't the doctor say wearing comfortable clothes is good for my heart?
You can wear it. but absolutely no Taekwondo.
Don't run. walk slowly.
Slowly.
Mister. you've been hanging around our studio since last week.
Are you a flasher. a stalker. or just some pervert?
Actually. you fit all three.
That heart is really something.
I think I'll need to get a doctor's note for this.
A grown man. complaining about a little grab from a middle school girl.
For a middle schooler. you talk like an old man.
It's because I was raised by my grandpa when I was learning to talk.
You still don't know the extent of your abilities. do you?
I just thought I was having a major growth spurt.
I thought maybe I had superpowers.
Does your mom know?
I don't have a mom.
Do you have a dad?
I have a dad. And if he knew about this...
...he'd cry for three days straight before passing out. He'd lose his mind.
My dad. I can never tell him.
Good.
The number one rule of superpowers is to keep them a secret.
So what kind of secret superpower did you get. mister?
But who was the donor that we got these powers from?
Did you know you can donate six organs?
I had no idea.
Heart. lungs. cornea. kidney. liver. pancreas.
That means there are four more people out there besides us.
If we find the other recipients. maybe we'll get some clues.
How do we find them?
The 17th Annual Life Sharing Transplant Recipients Sports Festival...
I really needed a new pair of shoes.
Did you find anyone?
Huh?
Nope. nothing.
Hurry up and take it.
Come on. you could've looked a little harder.
All you do is stare at your phone.
You don't have any friends. do you. mister?
Who needs friends?
I'll take one of everything. please.
No. no. just take it.
I had a kidney transplant and I feel so much healthier...
I'm just so. so grateful. so I'm giving these out.
Enjoy the intestines.
Thank you.
See anything?
If you have any stomach issues.
this has prebiotics and probiotics to...
...really clean you out.
Vitamins. vegetables.
Ma'am. let me see your arm.
My arm?
Why?
The other arm. too.
What's with my arm?
Do you have apple flavor?
We do.
Oh. but if you drink too many of these. you'll get a stomachache.
Oh. we have food. too. We have salads.
If you sign up for regular delivery. it's 5% off.
Oh. here. let me show you.
After I got my new heart...
I can run really well...
...and I've gotten this strong. too.
And this guy. he got a lung transplant...
Show them.
What the heck?
Ma'am. what kind of power do you have?
Oh. I...
I don't have one.
Nothing's changed since your surgery?
I don't really know...
People have been saying my skin looks better...
...and that I've gotten prettier.
But come on. what's so pretty about me?
Is getting prettier a superpower?
These days. being pretty *is* a superpower.
It's not that much.
No. really.
Lately. guys have been pretending to buy yogurt...
...just to ask for my number.
They say I remind them of their first love.
I said it's not true.
Enjoy your drink.
But you have the tattoo. ma'am. The tattoo.
If you have the tattoo...
...it's a rule that you have a superpower.
You probably just haven't discovered it yet.
This guy here is a certified expert on superpowers.
There's nothing he doesn't know.
When people with abilities gather...
...powers you didn't even know you had tend to pop up.
Once we find the others. it'll reveal itself.
How are we supposed to find the others?
Jindeok Middle School. Grade 8. Class 2.
Taekwondo youth division...
...five-time champion.
Future dream: to marry Do Kyung-soo.
Is Do Kyung-soo in BTS?
He's from EXO.
Kim Seon-yeo. Kidney recipient.
Born in '75. a rabbit?
She's single.
Well. she still has the face of someone's first love.
Park Ji-seong. K recipient...
Occupation...
Who are you?
My name is Hwang Gi-dong.
Gi as in "maneuver". Dong as in "mobilize".
Hwang Gi-dong. I received the cornea.
Mr. Gi-dong. how did you find us?
You all have one of these tattoos. right?
When we get within a few kilometers of each other...
...they start to glow.
Since I'm the only one who can see it. it's a little hard to explain.
So. that thing you did earlier. mister...
...were you picking up on electronic waves. Wi-Fi and stuff?
This kind of thing?
One more confession. please.
Yes.
He's amazing.
Mr. Gi-dong is the leader of our superpower team.
Leader? What is this...
...a military dictatorship?
You said you have to be within a few meters...
...to be able to see it.
How would we know where they are?
Then just hack something like before.
Like in the movies.
What is this. a dictatorship?
If you get caught spying on civilians...
...it's a violation of privacy laws and information network laws...
...plus leaking personal information and defamation...
You clearly don't know how these things can snowball.
Hey. you were the one who wanted to find them first.
I'm just saying the method is not exactly righteous.
You're just lazy. aren't you?
I'm just busy.
Mister. you don't have a job.
Who says?
What's your job. then?
I'm a writer.
I write screenplays.
What are you writing?
A hero story.
See?
It's ending next week.
Oh. so you like hero stuff.
Then you must know the "Uri-Kkiri" community. right?
"Uri-Kkiri."
They have a ton of hero reference materials there.
So you're a fan of "Uri-Kkiri."
"Uri-Kkiri" has a lot of crazy foreign fans.
Are you a "Woojom"?
Oh. you're an "Algaeng-i."
That explains it.
Let's not even talk.
"Let's not" is pretty informal. What year were you born?
I'm an '87.
Early '87.
Early what month?
I'm April.
How is April considered an early birthday?
Isn't that against the "national rule"?
What's your basis for saying it's not the national rule?
What's your argument for demanding a basis?
Oh. what is wrong with you guys?
On this happy day. we've all been given a new life. we should act like a family...
My. my. what a noisy entrance.
What kind of show are you planning on putting on this time?
Are you going to sacrifice all those pitiful souls in their sleep?
If you're going to complain about the price now...
...you can just go find someone else.
You know South Korea is overflowing with cults. don't you?
Stay out.
Life. Spring. New God. Foundation.
Heaven and Earth. Great Fortune. Spirit. Advent.
Congratulations on your resurrection. New God.
A busy person has come to visit. my Lord.
Perhaps to save one more pitiful soul this year?
I should learn from the New God.
To my ears. it sounds more like you've come to take something.
You must've hurt your ears when you were young and can't hear properly.
No. no.
My hearing is perfectly fine.
How much did she ask for. your daughter?
To hand over the entire foundation.
She still refuses to hand over the pharmaceutical company. it seems.
Something about it being the business her father started from scratch.
Such a dutiful daughter. isn't she?
Byeong-chun. our family hasn't had a dutiful son or daughter for generations.
Our blood is greedy.
She asked for 45 per head for the followers. I'll give you 50.
If you hand over the whole foundation.
You know. the reason my ear is bad is because of you.
During that strongman show at the Jeongseon market. you hit me by mistake.
Fifty-five bucks?
That's why I beat the crap out of you until you shat your pants.
I was really high that day.
What are you doing?
Brother. the little punk who used to follow the medicine show around and piss his pants...
...seems to think he's the real deal now.
Shut up. you quack.
Stop talking about me shitting my pants!
Everyone get to your stations so we can start work on time.
Punctuality ensures our safety.
Put on your hard hats.
We still have three minutes left.
An employer cannot force work outside of scheduled hours.
Didn't you know this is a violation of the Labor Standards Act?
Mr. Lee. if you know the law so well. why are you working here instead of being a judge or prosecutor?
Don't discriminate against me because I'm a contract worker.
Whether you're a contract worker or the president. if you observe break times. you must also observe work times. That's the only law I know.
This foundation is the one that never follows the rules it's supposed to.
To meet the deadline for "Boo-eung" or whatever. it's endless overtime and not enough safety equipment.
If there's an accident. are you going to save us. foreman?
Is that cult leader of yours going to save...
You who can't even be saved and are destined to burn in hell. how dare you speak the name of the New God!
Dammit. how many times did I tell them to replace that!
Answer your phone!
I told you I saw it! Why don't you believe me?
It's not that I don't believe you. it's just that medically speaking. there are countless cases where...
...excitement causes a dopamine release and...
No. no. I wasn't excited. I saw it clearly.
How else did he know to look for that hard-to-catch fish the moment he woke up?
And when that Hwang Shin-ryeong guy was grabbed. his teeth were just...
And that tree...
The thing we talked about back then...
Did you say the organ donor might have had a special constitution?
My opinion was that it could be a special constitution...
The people who received the organs...
There must be more of them. right?
Ah. there must be pollen in the air.
Should we stop?
Nah. let's just keep going since we started.
It's the weekend. aren't you going anywhere?
Don't you have friends?
I don't have any friends.
Why not?
Because of your dad?
No. well. that's part of it. but...
I took a year off because I was sick. so I don't have friends anymore.
I get it.
When you're sick. you don't have them because you're sick. and when you're not. you don't have them because you're afraid you'll get sick again.
For a superhero. loneliness is your only friend.
You know what?
I don't.
How do you know if you haven't heard it yet?
What is it?
The villain is always another person with superpowers.
And they attack other super-powered people. Why?
To take all the powers for themselves.
That's why we have to find the villain first.
Before they can take our powers.
We do?
That's right. we do.
Superheroes are supposed to be friends with other superheroes.
Even rich people only hang out with other rich people. right?
Mister. do this.
Why?
Just do it.
Mister. if you get caught by the bad guy. just say the word.
I'll get our whole team together to save you.
But how do we know who the villain is?
You just know when you see them.
Looking at him right now...
This punk is the villain.
Seriously. he's only out for himself.
Eating two chicken wings at a time.
Done!
I figured out my superpower.
Take a look.
Look. look. look.
Do you think maybe I don't have a superpower?
Even my tattoo is just a plain circle. like a lid on a jar.
Ma'am. why do you even want a superpower?
If I had a superpower. I could save people and do things like that. like a hero.
Just because you have powers doesn't make you a hero.
Why not?
There's a cut-off based on experience points. proactiveness. number of people saved. and level of self-sacrifice.
Not just anyone can be a hero.
I'm not really a fan of cut-off lines.
So. is he coming or not?
Huh? Did you find him with your amazing hacking skills?
I don't know. ask him when he gets here.
You'll get a stomachache if you eat too much of that.
He's always late when he shows up.
For a young kid. you'd think he'd at least send a text.
I'll give you the money back.
It's not about the money. you son of a bitch.
How did you hit the jackpot 11 times on one machine? Eleven times!
I think the machine is broken. What are you going to do about it? If you can't pay. start stripping.
Ah. it's not that I don't think it's broken...
Are you talking like a sane person?
I saw you. You were flicking your fingers like this. and you kept hitting the jackpot.
What are you. Pikachu? Generating electricity?
No. I'm not Pikachu. This is...
...a superpower.
Ah. this guy's a real comedian.
I think I need to make a call to my boss. Yong-bo.
I just sent him a text.
Hey. no middle schoolers allowed. This isn't an internet cafe.
I'm actually high school age. I just took a year off school...
I don't care if you're a high school dropout. this isn't an internet cafe.
Ma'am. I'm not buying any yogurt. It gives me a stomachache.
Oh. I'm not here to sell yogurt.
I'm just here to pick up that young man...
Hey. you can't just take this young man...
This 'young man' completely wrecked my place...
I thought you didn't have a phone? How'd you call for backup?
Excuse me. there's no toilet paper.
Is he your friend?
No.
Mister. let that guy go.
My dad is a Taekwondo master.
Your dad's a master of crime. huh?
Were you not listening to a word I said earlier?
This guy completely trashed my place...
The damages he caused are enormous...
The one who caused the accident should pay for it.
He's not even my friend.
That guy doesn't have friends.
He needs to be taught a harsh lesson.
Nope. Can't help him.
We're going to get ribs.
Once you've been disciplined and feel like a new person. come find us.
If not. then I'm going my own way.
Please. don't be like that. Just let him go. huh?
Oh. I...
He's trying to talk with his hands. I told you. he has stomach problems.
Beef ribs. or pork ribs.
They went inside about 10 minutes ago.
How did all four of them meet up?
It took exactly 4 minutes and 28 seconds.
That was a good meal.
What are you doing? This is pretty good.
After all the crap we went through because of someone...
...he's not even offering to pay.
Anyone would think you paid the bill.
"You" is informal. you know.
It's a semi-formal term.
Can you two stop fighting?
Like a couple of elementary school friends.
Friends? What friends...
This guy... are we going to keep hanging out with him?
Well. you could find the last person with your hacking skills. since you're so capable.
Why don't I do it? Because it's illegal. that's why.
I'm law-abiding.
Then why'd you go and plagiarize someone else's screenplay?
Did you hack me?
Yeah. I did.
You were acting so high and mighty. I had to take a peek.
The one script you ever managed to sell. you stole from your friend.
That's why you don't have any friends.
So this punk is a famous internet troll.
How many times have you been sued?
Rating movies without even watching them...
You're not just a jerk. you're a total bum.
Did you know your crypto has tanked?
You have eighty bucks left. man.
You have to earn a living by trolling people?
Freeloading off someone and gambling with crypto...
Don't you even feel pathetic?
If I were you. I'd have killed myself.
How could you say something like that!
There are some things you just don't say.
Telling him to kill himself!
Let's go. Ji-seong. just let it go.
Let what go?!
Hey. hey!
Seriously. what's wrong with our team?
We promised to be friends.
Hey. I just hung out with you 'cause I felt sorry for you.
Did you really think we were actual friends?
Hey. come here.
Why didn't you answer my calls? Where were you?
And what happened to your shoe?
Who were you with?
Were you with friends?
I don't have any friends.
What were you doing by yourself until this hour?
Who's your friend? Give me their number.
I told you. I don't have friends!
I was worried sick something happened to you! I called the police station. the hospitals...
I even checked all the morgues!
I said I checked every single morgue!
And while I'm not even fully recovered...
...you're out running around with "friends"...
Seriously!
I don't have friends.
I told you. I don't have any!
I don't have anyone!
Everyone just hates me!
I'm just a useless person!
If you hate it so much. you should've just let me die then!
Aaargh!
My heart... I stopped it for Dad's sake...
Be careful...
Don't run. It's slippery.
Please. stay for some tea.
Please stop bringing these things.
I'm sorry.
I heard you had a kidney transplant.
It looks like it went well.
You're looking much healthier.
Look how much better your skin looks.
Ma'am. you look as young as a girl.
You took two people's lives.
You should be looking better.
Don't you think?
I was wrong.
The rest of your life...
the rest of your life...
...do good deeds...
...and fulfill the destiny my husband couldn't...
Save lots of people...
Instead of you living...
I wish you would try to kill yourself again.
And don't fail this time.
I really hope you succeed.
Don't go trying to suffocate yourself with gas again...
...and get an innocent person like my husband killed in the process.
I just wish you had died.
Let's do this.
Do what?
Let's research this and develop a new drug.
I don't understand...
Director Hyung. you have about three years until retirement?
Three years and four months. sir.
After you retire...
...do you want to be changing your grandkids' poopy diapers?
Or would you rather be the vice president of our pharmaceutical company?
Sir?
In our country...
...it's about time we had a Nobel Prize in Medicine. don't you think?
But still. how...
How do you think it's going to turn out?
Why are you here?
Are you really not going to see them again?
Stop trying to gather us together. ma'am.
That guy is looking for the villain.
I already found the villain. so let's stop looking.
This guy...
He's not really the villain...
More like a low-level goon?
It's not him. I'm the villain. Me.
You know what it's like to be sick.
When your body is twisted. your mind gets twisted too.
You can't stand to look at successful people...
...and you hide behind them. cursing them out...
...and you can't even stand to look at yourself.
The guy with nothing going for him. with nothing to his name...
...it's the rule that he becomes the villain.
But you have a superpower. mister.
What am I supposed to do with this?
If I was going to get a power...
...it should have been a proper one like that kid's.
What kind of superpower is this?
Is that... a hundred million?
This is just who I am. This is how I live.
I didn't plagiarize that screenplay.
We were supposed to write it together...
...but he left to write something else.
Forget it.
Mister...
Did you really only hang out with me because you felt sorry for me?
I take that back.
You should go apologize to Ms. Seon-nyeo. too.
Why don't you go over there...
...and do it yourself.
Where?
They said they found the liver recipient.
Foreman Sil.
These people aren't even our followers...
If we give them all the safety equipment and everything...
...we won't finish construction by Founder's Day.
Back in my day. we'd climb 50. 60 floors...
...without a single rope.
The New Father himself said that safety comes first.
He said it with his own words.
So. in a place watched over by the New Father...
...what do we need safety equipment for?
It's all because you lack faith...
...that's why you're all so scared.
Let's eat.
There are still 15 minutes left of our lunch break.
Let's eat and then get back to it.
What are we. robots?
How can they do this?
We are robots. I guess.
Come join us after you eat.
If we're going to finish this today...
...someone's going to have to collapse to get it done.
When you come back. grab me a cup of ramen.
Got it.
They're not coming. they're not coming.
See? You're ignoring my messages.
What's the point of him coming? He'll just throw a fit.
Such a useless power to have...
...and now he's all twisted because of it.
Hey. I'm sorry...
...but I'm going to head out first.
You guys can go meet him.
Why?
You wanted to find your superpower. right. ma'am?
I'm sorry. Wan-seong.
I'm not worthy.
What are you talking about?
We were supposed to find our superpowers together and become heroes.
Right?
Mr. Gi-dong.
You looked into me. didn't you?
I'm not worthy. am I?
No. I didn't look into it that closely.
Please use your precious abilities for good.
Thank you for everything.
I'm out. too!
I really hate this.
In a world where it's already hard enough to get by...
...what's the point of this "superhero" crap. and what are we going to do with our powers anyway?
As of today. we're disbanded. I'm deleting the group chat!
What are you doing?
Can't you hear that? Get out of here. quickly!
The foreman said it was nothing and told us to stay put.
Do you think that foreman is going to save you?
Get out. quick!
Hey. haven't we been here before?
Oh! Found it.
I'll show you the way. Follow me.
Who are you to tell me to go in there?
I'm telling you. I'll be your human GPS.
If you're such a great navigator. you go in.
Are you crazy? What if there's a fight?
Hey. you asked me to open the door. so I opened it.
You asked for directions. and I gave them to you.
What more do you want from me?
It's not that I want more. it's that you shouldn't be bossing me around.
Who's the one bossing who around. telling me not to boss them around?
Who do you think you are. telling me what to do?
I'm not telling you what to do. I'm telling you not to boss me around!
Stop bossing me around!
Hey. you sons of bitches!
Every time you lock eyes...
Mister. show me the way.
Huh?
That's it. right there.
Hey. wake up. you bastard!
He asked me to get him water. but how am I supposed to know where I am...
A water cooler. something about a supermarket...
Since I have a car. let's go together.
Please take this young man outside.
Hey. you!
Don't you have anything else?
I'm sorry.
Hey. but I saw a lot of tanks here earlier...
Don't you have any oxygen tanks?
Here it comes. the oxygen tank.
My name is Heo Yak-seon. I received a liver transplant.
Fixing existing underlying conditions is a bit hit-or-miss.
But for simple things like fractures from accidents. bruises. stiff shoulders. chronic fatigue...
...I can fix those as much as you need.
Please. be sure to let me know when you need me.
Oh. so you do代人运功 (dài rén yùn gōng) too. mister.
My dad does that too.
From what I saw earlier. it looks like you take on other people's injuries and things.
It's alright. I just need a glass of water and I'm fine.
Really...
Someone like you. sir. is a true hero.
Don't you agree? A round of applause!
Ma'am. I believe you are the true hero.
Thank you so much for saving my life.
What? What? What what?
What? I don't know what to do.
Stop crying. ma'am.
After all that tough talk earlier. why are you crying now? It doesn't suit you.
This is even scarier.
Actually. a while ago...
...I had depression and anger management issues. so I was taking medication...
And after my surgery. I got healthier and thought I was finally doing better.
I thought my superpower was swearing at people.
Let's forget about what happened earlier and give ourselves hero names.
What do we need names for?
Why? In foreign movies. all the heroes have names.
Like "Man" or "Girl."
Then since I save people with my strength. how about "Saving Girl"?
Or "Gu-Girl" for short.
Are you okay with that?
In English. "Nine." "Nine Girl."
Mister. you're an oxygen tank. so you can be "Tank Boy."
What are you going to be. ma'am?
Oh. I was going to be "Fresh Girl" because I was a "Fresh Manager."
Does "Girl" sound a little off?
No. but "Fresh Girl" just rolls off the tongue better than "Fresh Woman." right?
Just do it. We don't have to call you that.
Sir. since your name has "Yak" and "Son" in it. you can be "Yakson."
Healing Hand?
Gi-dong. since your name is Gi-dong. you can be "Bluetooth Man."
That Wi-Fi thing.
Oh. I like that. I like that.
Hey. Gu-Girl. You're really bad at studying. aren't you?
My dad just told me to be healthy.
Uh. excuse me. I actually already have a name in mind.
Since I heal people and recharge their energy...
Battery Man.
Since everyone else is using English. it gives us a sense of unity.
Yeah. "Battery." I like it.
Alright. now that we all have our names. and the mood is right...
Bluetooth Man. something that fits the mood. Music. cue!
So cool. No. seriously. mister. You're really cool.
Just look at this one time.
Action!
Stop it!
Where have you been?
Did you meet up with a friend?
You said you didn't have friends.
I made some friends.
Help me.
What are you going to do with your strength?
You'll get hurt. so move aside.
See? Pretty useful for a dad. right?
Pretty useful.
Since I'm so useful...
...if anything happens. just leave it to your dad.
Dad.
Even when you're a wrinkled old lady...
...if you just call out for Dad...
...I'll appear like a hero and solve everything.
Catching a cold is bad for your heart.
You have a hospital appointment tomorrow. so go to bed early.
Sorry. Next car please.
I'm sorry.
You can't bring a cult leader in here.
Which department are you from?
Eternal Life. Eternal Spring. New God. Advent.
I am Heo Yak-seon. the 7th Foreman of the New God's Construction Unit.
It's an honor.
You must have been startled by the explosion a while back. You're not hurt anywhere?
I'm fine. Thank you.
You should be thankful for your faith.
Yes. I will believe even more diligently.
Eternal Life. Eternal Spring. New God. Advent.
Got a tattoo?
It's not a tattoo. I was lucky enough to receive an organ transplant recently...
What? You got a transplant?
I received a liver.
Anything different after the transplant?
I think the surgery went well. I feel healthier and less tired...
Not that. Anything unusual?
I don't know for sure. but I've been told I look younger.
Nothing makes you look younger than a new liver. What was your name again?
Heo Yak-seon. sir.
Heo Yak-seon. Foreman of the 7th Unit. Keep a close watch on the gate.
I'll see you again.
Is someone here studying for the nursing assistant exam?
No. I'm just reading it for fun.
Wow. that's impressive.
Oh. Mr. Designated Driver. I'm so sorry.
Asking to meet here all of a sudden.
Should I turn the car around?
Oh. I'm so sorry.
Where's the Saeshin Pharmaceutical headquarters?
Saeshin Pharmaceutical. I work right next door.
I know the way very well.
Oh. that's great. Then please get us there safely.
Yes. yes.
I had some gum...
Gum?
Why? Aren't you going to do it?
Ah. yes.
We need to do a biopsy first...
...but even after exceeding the lethal dose. the anesthesia isn't working.
Little New God?
Oh. thank goodness.
I am Heo Yak-seon. Foreman of the 7th Unit at Saeshin Construction.
Little New God.
Where. where? I need to go home.
Oh. right.
In the "Nursing Assistant Exam in One Book" essential guide...
...I highlighted all the important points there.
That book...
You can't anesthetize him.
Just do it.
Little New God.
Little New God. Little New God. Little New God.
Mr. Jari.
Little New God.
If he can't be anesthetized. then you'll just have to knock him out.
What are you doing? Get to it.
Yes.
Who are you waiting for?
You were waiting for me.
Eternal Life. Eternal Spring. New God. Advent.
You've planned something interesting.
Long time no see. Heo Yak-seon. Foreman of the 7th Unit.
It's okay. it's okay. Who did this?
Director Seong.
Yes. New Father.
You said the liver grows back if you leave a little bit. right? Is that right?
Yes. that's correct.
Eternal Life. Eternal Spring. New God. Advent.
Become my sacrifice in sleep and live eternally within me.
Mr. Kim. tie him up.
I'm sorry.
So you can't be with the same donor.
Let's go to surgery.
Director Gyo.
Yes. boss.
Let's make the first move.
Bring them all in.
Daughter. daughter. daughter. daughter. What's wrong?
What's going on?
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Hey. hey.
What's with the siren?
Hey. what's with the hugs?
Who are you?
Let's go.
Where to?
We'll be there soon.
Quickly. get to the end of the line.
All the way to the end.
Oof. I can't do warm-ups.
Fighting!
Let's go all at once.
Hey. do you even know what a 540 is?
Uh. Mom. we're out of kimchi. right? I'll bring you some seaweed now.
You and Dad agreed.
If anything happens. bring me some water.
Why?
What am I. a 봉 (Bong - fool)?
Let's put this in.
What about your father?
Will one position be enough?
I don't need a position. A few humble Nobel Prizes will do.
You two. did you have a good fight?
What's the point of fighting an old man?
Who do you think will live longer?
Let's find out.
Who are you?
Where have you been? It's about time.
Who the hell are you?
Am I a stranger?
Why don't you recognize your own dad?
They used to say your dad was a handsome man when he was young.
I need my father to become a god.
Aren't you scared?
If there really is a god. what kind of punishment do you think you'll receive for this?
Have you been going to church lately?
Dad.
I'm trying to become a god because I know I can't be forgiven. right?
Good thinking.
Director Jo. long time no see.
Who are you?
Come on. you know who I am.
Go easy on him. The boss said to treat him with respect.
What? Did you do this?
You came here with me. boss.
Shut up!
Absolutely not the eyes. Just go for the vitals.
This kid is such a drama queen.
The anesthesia works fast.
No. no. no.
Just do the kids at the same time.
We're still one short. and it would be safer to take our time.
How much time. you bastard!
He's a crybaby. That Heo Yak-seon guy was noisy even in his sleep.
I mean. how much pain must he have been in?
No.
What?
Whatever it is. no.
I have to go.
No. no. absolutely not this time. you!
Did you think your dad wouldn't know you've been running around like this?
Since when did you know?
A parent can tell what their child is worried about just by the smell of their farts.
You were in the hospital for three years. so you couldn't see your friends.
Now that you're a little better. you've made some friends.
And of all the friends you could have made...
Getting beat up by bullies.
Always getting your shoes stolen.
Always coming home looking like a mess.
My poor daughter. my poor. weak daughter.
That's why you begged me to let you learn Taekwondo.
Because you didn't want to get hit.
I don't want to get hit.
Because the bullies were bothering you. you wanted to protect yourself.
Actually...
...my friends are being held captive by bullies right now.
We're basically like a family.
I have to go rescue them.
Should we listen to a different song?
Taekwon V.
This isn't a game. so snap out of it.
How is this not a game?
I think we've been kidnapped.
Let's get out of here for now.
Are you okay?
This is fun. so cool.
You've never seen Wi-Fi with your own eyes. have you?
Is it because I only have one?
The focus is a bit off.
I'm sorry.
He suddenly woke up and attacked.
I'm a little uneasy about leaving that kid with one cornea.
He'll be able to see all this too. won't he?
And feel this too.
It was severely damaged during the extraction.
Modern medicine can't repair it.
Yakson. Battery.
Heal me.
You heal people. don't you?
The battery's dead.
You recover when you drink water. right?
Drink some water and heal me.
I brought you water last time.
I'm too weak to do anything.
I'm scared.
Is a celebrity here?
You scared me.
So you're Wan-su.
Who are you. mister?
You're pretty.
Mr. Park Jong-min.
The hero of Barcelona.
I was quite the fighter back in my day.
Nice to meet you.
How on earth did you raise your child?
Kicking an adult.
I'm sorry.
But are you talking to me right now?
So you're the bully?
Who are you calling "you"?
You little punk.
Don't you have a father?
Of course he's not at home.
My dad was born in 1950.
Did you kidnap my friends. mister?
Actually. my daughter did.
Daughter?
She's been going through a bit of a conversion lately.
Anyway. it's complicated.
Alright. alright.
Now that we've all introduced our families. let's get down to business.
An-seo.
Let me use your heart.
This guy is crazy.
Nine-gu!
You're finally here.
But how did you get out?
He must be her father.
Hello.
Since this is our last goodbye. we should at least say hello.
I'm Fresh Girl.
And this is Tank Boy.
You must be so proud.
Having such a wonderful daughter.
Not at all.
She's immature and weak. so I have a lot of worries.
Tank Girl. do you have any children?
Fresh Girl.
Ms. Kim Seon-nyeo!
Let me say something too.
Who are you?
I am the Eternal Life. Eternal Spring. the Advent of the New God.
I think that guy's the villain.
He has a tattoo.
But why is he a "guy" and I'm a "mister"?
He's handsome.
You're the type that looks like they need to be taken care of.
An adult is speaking. are you going to interrupt me so rudely?
Where are Mr. Gi-dong and Mr. Heo Yak-seon?
I ate them.
Wait a minute.
He's not dead. right?
Hey. what's your job?
Moon Flower Heavenly Charge!
He's not dead. is he?
What did he just say?
It's good manners to announce your special move before you use it.
Ugh. I can't stand this disgusting spit.
What was that "moon flower" thing you said earlier?
What's "moon flower"?
Dong-choong!
Ms. Kim Seon-nyeo. you're here.
If only Ms. Kim Seon-nyeo had been on my side. we wouldn't have had to go through all this trouble.
Just help me once.
Transferring their abilities to me is no big deal for you.
Don't come any closer! Get away!
After you transfer them. when their powers are weak. I'll suck them right up.
It's clean. no blood.
Should I just buy you a Yakult company?
This person is a house of demons.
There were two burdens I carried in my heart that I could never achieve in my lifetime.
One was youth.
You have to ask "what's the other one?" for the dialogue to continue.
What's the other one?
He's probably going to talk about becoming a god.
I need a god that can be seen.
I will become a god and save humanity.
Aren't you about to say something like that?
You must have gone to some cult school.
If you use lines like that these days. you'll get review-bombed.
You have a remarkable talent for ruining the mood.
He's a famous internet troll in this neighborhood.
New Father.
Yes. Heo Yak-seon.
Was it all a lie?
Was everything you showed me a lie?
My fortune that I sacrificed my family and drove all night to give you.
My life that I sacrificed.
Was it all for nothing. a foolish deception?
So. if you want to see a real god. offer me your wretched bodies.
Give me back my eye. you son of a bitch.
Hey. go that way.
Shoot again. and again.
Don't. Don't.
Are you going to kill all the people here?
Are you going to kill all the people who believed in and followed you?
I can always make new followers.
My concept is the god of death.
Ms. Kim Seon-nyeo. hand them over quickly.
Or I'll kill all of you.
Hey. open your eyes.
Hey. get up.
You die. you son of a bitch.
Mister. how do we turn that off?
I don't know.
Then what do we do?
It needs to be dispersed with something like a lightning rod. but I'm not a technician.
I'm sorry.
Try directing it at me.
What are you going to do?
I don't know. I have to try something.
If I succeed. we're the same age.
If you succeed. I'm your big brother.
Hey. let's stop this and just sleep.
Wait a minute.
Just give it to me.
Got it.
If I tell you to die. you should die.
You people are like that.
Stop it.
Give me this.
It won't open.
You were so shabby.
I fell.
What happened?
Kill all our difficult people.
There are people like our daughter.
I'm sorry.
We have a daughter. you know.
You brand new little brat.
Yang-sun.
Don't you want to try being a cult leader?
I'm going to be a nurse.
I'll go get the car.
Get the car and wait.
Go.
What do we do?
Mr. Vice President.
Bruce Man.
Bluetooth Man.
I know.
While we're waiting for the car. should we listen to a song?
What should I play?
I'll play it.
Play that one.
I don't like that one.
How do you know?
Mr. Battery.
Later...
...can you do something about it?
When we pass a convenience store. I'll buy you some water and fix you.
You have to leave the car keys.
While we're getting the car. should we come up with names?
We already gave them.
We have individual names. but we don't have a team name.
In foreign movies. when superheroes gather. the first thing they do is come up with a name.
You pick one. sis.
English or Korean?
You pick. sis.
Actually. I'm pretty good at coming up with names.
I'll just do it.
Battery Man. you've been through a lot. so recharge.
I like something with a friendly feeling.
Like a greeting.
Yes. a suitable name just came to me.
Since there are five of us. if five of us greet...
Oh. I know that one in English.
Do you know what it is?
Mister. do this.